brut/androlib/decode/DoubleExtensionUnknownFileTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.DoubleExtensionUnknownFileTest
brut/androlib/decode/ParentDirectoryTraversalTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.ParentDirectoryTraversalTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/SkipAssetTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.SkipAssetTest
com/faker/android/Main.java
 com.faker.android.Main
brut/androlib/aapt2/DebuggableFalseChangeToTrueTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt2.DebuggableFalseChangeToTrueTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/LargeIntsInManifestTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.LargeIntsInManifestTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/ProviderAttributeTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.ProviderAttributeTest
brut/androlib/decode/Empty9PatchTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.Empty9PatchTest
brut/androlib/aapt2/DebuggableTrueAddedTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt2.DebuggableTrueAddedTest
brut/androlib/decode/MissingDiv9PatchTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.MissingDiv9PatchTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/BuildAndDecodeJarTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.BuildAndDecodeJarTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/DefaultBaksmaliVariableTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.DefaultBaksmaliVariableTest
brut/androlib/androlib/InvalidSdkBoundingTest.java
 brut.androlib.androlib.InvalidSdkBoundingTest
brut/androlib/decode/DecodeKotlinTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.DecodeKotlinTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/AndroidOreoSparseTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.AndroidOreoSparseTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/DebugTagRetainedTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.DebugTagRetainedTest
brut/androlib/BaseTest.java
 brut.androlib.BaseTest
brut/androlib/decode/ForceManifestDecodeNoResourcesTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.ForceManifestDecodeNoResourcesTest
brut/androlib/decode/AndResGuardTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.AndResGuardTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/AndroidOreoNotSparseTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.AndroidOreoNotSparseTest
brut/androlib/util/AaptVersionTest.java
 brut.androlib.util.AaptVersionTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/ReferenceVersionCodeTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.ReferenceVersionCodeTest
brut/androlib/decode/VectorDrawableTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.VectorDrawableTest
brut/androlib/decode/DecodeKotlinCoroutinesTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.DecodeKotlinCoroutinesTest
brut/androlib/aapt2/BuildAndDecodeTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt2.BuildAndDecodeTest
brut/androlib/TestUtils.java
 brut.androlib.TestUtils
 brut.androlib.TestUtils$ResValueElementQualifier
brut/androlib/aapt1/SharedLibraryTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.SharedLibraryTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/EmptyResourcesArscTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.EmptyResourcesArscTest
brut/androlib/decode/ExternalEntityTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.ExternalEntityTest
brut/androlib/decode/MissingVersionManifestTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.MissingVersionManifestTest
brut/androlib/decode/DuplicateDexTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.DuplicateDexTest
brut/androlib/util/UnknownDirectoryTraversalTest.java
 brut.androlib.util.UnknownDirectoryTraversalTest
brut/androlib/decode/DecodeArrayTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.DecodeArrayTest
brut/androlib/encoders/PositionalEnumerationTest.java
 brut.androlib.encoders.PositionalEnumerationTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/BuildAndDecodeTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.BuildAndDecodeTest
brut/androlib/decode/MinifiedArscTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.MinifiedArscTest
brut/androlib/aapt2/DebuggableTrueRetainedTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt2.DebuggableTrueRetainedTest
brut/androlib/aapt2/NonStandardPkgIdTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt2.NonStandardPkgIdTest
brut/androlib/decode/OutsideOfDirectoryEntryTest.java
 brut.androlib.decode.OutsideOfDirectoryEntryTest
brut/androlib/aapt1/UnknownCompressionTest.java
 brut.androlib.aapt1.UnknownCompressionTest
