brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResColorValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResColorValue
brut/androlib/res/data/ResTypeSpec.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.ResTypeSpec
brut/androlib/meta/UsesFramework.java
 brut.androlib.meta.UsesFramework
brut/androlib/res/xml/ResValuesXmlSerializable.java
 brut.androlib.res.xml.ResValuesXmlSerializable
com/faker/android/XSrcTarget.java
 com.faker.android.XSrcTarget
 com.faker.android.XSrcTarget$Signature
com/faker/android/NetworkSecurityConfigEditor.java
 com.faker.android.NetworkSecurityConfigEditor
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResArrayValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResArrayValue
brut/androlib/ApkOptions.java
 brut.androlib.ApkOptions
brut/androlib/mod/SmaliMod.java
 brut.androlib.mod.SmaliMod
brut/androlib/meta/PackageInfo.java
 brut.androlib.meta.PackageInfo
brut/androlib/res/data/ResValuesFile.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.ResValuesFile
brut/androlib/res/decoder/AXmlResourceParser.java
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.AXmlResourceParser
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.AXmlResourceParser$NamespaceStack
com/faker/android/SrcDecodeApk.java
 com.faker.android.SrcDecodeApk
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResIntBasedValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResIntBasedValue
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResStringValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResStringValue
brut/androlib/res/util/ExtXmlSerializer.java
 brut.androlib.res.util.ExtXmlSerializer
brut/androlib/err/CantFindFrameworkResException.java
 brut.androlib.err.CantFindFrameworkResException
brut/androlib/res/data/ResUnknownFiles.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.ResUnknownFiles
brut/androlib/res/util/ExtFile.java
 brut.androlib.res.util.ExtFile
com/faker/android/Il2cppManager.java
 com.faker.android.Il2cppManager
brut/androlib/Androlib.java
 brut.androlib.Androlib
brut/androlib/res/data/ResTable.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.ResTable
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResValue
brut/androlib/meta/StringExConstructor.java
 brut.androlib.meta.StringExConstructor
 brut.androlib.meta.StringExConstructor$1
 brut.androlib.meta.StringExConstructor$ConstructStringEx
com/faker/android/SourceCode.java
 com.faker.android.SourceCode
brut/androlib/err/RawXmlEncounteredException.java
 brut.androlib.err.RawXmlEncounteredException
android/util/TypedValue.java
 android.util.TypedValue
com/faker/android/PathEditor.java
 com.faker.android.PathEditor
brut/androlib/meta/YamlStringEscapeUtils.java
 brut.androlib.meta.YamlStringEscapeUtils
brut/androlib/res/data/ResType.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.ResType
com/faker/android/IImporter.java
 com.faker.android.IImporter
brut/androlib/err/CantFind9PatchChunkException.java
 brut.androlib.err.CantFind9PatchChunkException
brut/androlib/src/SmaliDecoder.java
 brut.androlib.src.SmaliDecoder
brut/androlib/res/xml/ResXmlEncoders.java
 brut.androlib.res.xml.ResXmlEncoders
brut/androlib/res/data/ResResSpec.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.ResResSpec
brut/androlib/res/decoder/ResStreamDecoderContainer.java
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ResStreamDecoderContainer
brut/androlib/ApkDecoder.java
 brut.androlib.ApkDecoder
brut/androlib/res/decoder/ResAttrDecoder.java
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ResAttrDecoder
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResValueFactory.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResValueFactory
brut/androlib/meta/MetaInfo.java
 brut.androlib.meta.MetaInfo
com/faker/android/Test.java
 com.faker.android.Test
brut/androlib/err/AXmlDecodingException.java
 brut.androlib.err.AXmlDecodingException
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResScalarValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResScalarValue
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResStyleValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResStyleValue
com/faker/android/FakerMain.java
 com.faker.android.FakerMain
brut/androlib/err/UndefinedResObjectException.java
 brut.androlib.err.UndefinedResObjectException
android/content/res/XmlResourceParser.java
 android.content.res.XmlResourceParser
brut/androlib/src/SmaliBuilder.java
 brut.androlib.src.SmaliBuilder
brut/androlib/res/data/ResResource.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.ResResource
com/faker/android/ResMerge.java
 com.faker.android.ResMerge
com/faker/android/PublicMerge.java
 com.faker.android.PublicMerge
 com.faker.android.PublicMerge$ID
brut/androlib/err/OutDirExistsException.java
 brut.androlib.err.OutDirExistsException
com/faker/android/Importer.java
 com.faker.android.Importer
brut/androlib/res/data/ResPackage.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.ResPackage
brut/androlib/res/decoder/ARSCDecoder.java
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ARSCDecoder
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ARSCDecoder$1
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ARSCDecoder$ARSCData
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ARSCDecoder$EntryData
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ARSCDecoder$FlagsOffset
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ARSCDecoder$Header
com/faker/android/ValuesMod.java
 com.faker.android.ValuesMod
brut/androlib/err/InFileNotFoundException.java
 brut.androlib.err.InFileNotFoundException
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResEnumAttr.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResEnumAttr
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResBagValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResBagValue
com/faker/android/ManifestEditor.java
 com.faker.android.ManifestEditor
brut/androlib/res/data/ResConfigFlags.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.ResConfigFlags
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResDimenValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResDimenValue
brut/androlib/res/decoder/ResRawStreamDecoder.java
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ResRawStreamDecoder
brut/androlib/res/decoder/StringBlock.java
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.StringBlock
brut/androlib/res/util/ExtMXSerializer.java
 brut.androlib.res.util.ExtMXSerializer
brut/androlib/res/decoder/ResFileDecoder.java
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ResFileDecoder
com/faker/android/IOUtil.java
 com.faker.android.IOUtil
android/util/AttributeSet.java
 android.util.AttributeSet
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResFileValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResFileValue
com/faker/android/MyClass.java
 com.faker.android.MyClass
brut/androlib/res/decoder/XmlPullStreamDecoder.java
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.XmlPullStreamDecoder
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.XmlPullStreamDecoder$1
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResAttr.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResAttr
com/faker/android/FakerTransfer.java
 com.faker.android.FakerTransfer
brut/androlib/meta/VersionInfo.java
 brut.androlib.meta.VersionInfo
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResIntValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResIntValue
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResFractionValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResFractionValue
brut/androlib/ApktoolProperties.java
 brut.androlib.ApktoolProperties
brut/androlib/res/AndrolibResources.java
 brut.androlib.res.AndrolibResources
org/xmlpull/renamed/MXSerializer.java
 org.xmlpull.renamed.MXSerializer
com/faker/android/TextUtil.java
 com.faker.android.TextUtil
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResBoolValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResBoolValue
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResPluralsValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResPluralsValue
brut/androlib/AndrolibException.java
 brut.androlib.AndrolibException
brut/androlib/res/decoder/ResStreamDecoder.java
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.ResStreamDecoder
brut/androlib/res/xml/ResXmlEncodable.java
 brut.androlib.res.xml.ResXmlEncodable
brut/androlib/res/decoder/Res9patchStreamDecoder.java
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.Res9patchStreamDecoder
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.Res9patchStreamDecoder$NinePatch
 brut.androlib.res.decoder.Res9patchStreamDecoder$OpticalInset
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResEmptyValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResEmptyValue
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResFlagsAttr.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResFlagsAttr
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResFlagsAttr$1
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResFlagsAttr$FlagItem
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResFloatValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResFloatValue
com/faker/android/PatchManger.java
 com.faker.android.PatchManger
brut/androlib/res/data/ResID.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.ResID
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResIdValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResIdValue
brut/androlib/res/data/value/ResReferenceValue.java
 brut.androlib.res.data.value.ResReferenceValue
brut/androlib/meta/StringExRepresent.java
 brut.androlib.meta.StringExRepresent
 brut.androlib.meta.StringExRepresent$1
 brut.androlib.meta.StringExRepresent$RepresentStringEx
com/faker/android/ApkTool.java
 com.faker.android.ApkTool
com/faker/android/FileUtil.java
 com.faker.android.FileUtil
brut/androlib/res/xml/ResXmlPatcher.java
 brut.androlib.res.xml.ResXmlPatcher
